Let us correct this into a proper text for AI to make some fixes and build the right things. So yeah, our website, our web app is working perfectly, but we have some issues that we need to address, especially when an admin, when an admin go to the staff members, inside the staff members, when an admin click on manage staff to view and edit details, we get a pop-up with staff details, staff basic information, and quick actions. So inside the quick actions, we have edit details, and we have reset password, and we have delete staff, but they are not working. So when an admin click on edit details, we see a nice pop-up, edit staff details, role and status. And when we make some changes and save the changes, it does not work. The same goes to the reset password. So inside the reset password, we have a reset password, new password, and confirm password, but we have a reset password. We also have a resetting button. Next, we have cancel. The cancel is working, but as for the resetting, the text is resetting, which is wrong. It has to be reset. The text button has to be reset, not resetting. And it is also not working. You cannot click on it. They are also not working. So when an admin try to enter a new password and click on the resetting, it is not working. Okay, I think on the pop-up, on the staff details pop-up, I think we have two close, I think we have two close feature to close the pop-up for the staff details. We have one at the top on our right side, and we have one at the bottom on our left side. We want to have one close in a better position, okay. And also, when an admin tries to visit the menu management, when an admin click on menu management, we get menu items. So inside the menu items, we have add new items. We have new, we have add new item, which is also working perfectly. But on our menu items, we have categories. We have items, item name, category, price, and status and actions. So inside the actions, we have manage. So when an admin click on the manage, there is a pop-up of menu item details. So that pop-up menu items details sounds like the design is very old. So we want to transform it into a modernized menu item details that is working with nice UI and design and text and font and the buttons and make sure that mark and duplicate these items are working. And we also have, I think, edit item. So inside the edit item here, we want to make sure that those pop-up to the UI is very nice. They are working and an admin can save changes and it has to reflect the POS. It has to be working. The same goes to the delete item. So when I think the delete item too is also working. So let's make some fixes and fix those issues.